Added support for Doctrine Embedabbles (#22)
doctrine/doctrine-laminas-hydrator: README.md

Once again, two cases may arise: the tags already exist or they do not.

##### Example 4: Embedded Entities

> Doctrine provides so-called embeddables as a layer of abstraction which allow reusing partial object accross entities. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doctrine provides so-called embeddables as a layer of abstraction which allow reusing partial object across entities. 
```

For example, one might have an entity `Address` which is not only used for a `Person`, but probably for an `Organisation`

> as well. Let's have a look at the entities:

Reviewer: An embeddable is not an entity :wink: 

```suggestion
as well. Let's have a look at the classes. First we have a `Tag` class, which will be our embeddable:
```

```php
namespace Application\Entity;

use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;

/**
 * Address class for embedding in entities.
 *

>  * @ORM\Embeddable

Reviewer: Let's use attribute syntax from now on? Docs should always assume the latest version of PHP IMO

Author: @greg0ire Hm, but then we'd need to change it for all examples, not just the ones related to embeddables. Shouldn't that go in a new PR then?

Author: @greg0ire I'll mark this as resolved, please see #28, where these changes (and other doc updates) are included.

 */
class Tag
{
    /**
     * @ORM\Column(type="string", nullable=true)
     */
    protected ?string $postalCode = null;

    /**
     * @ORM\Column(type="string", nullable=true)
     */
    protected ?string $city = null;

    public function getPostalCode(): ?string
    {
        return (string) $this->postalCode;
    }

    public function setPostalCode(?string $postalCode): void
    {
        $this->postalCode = $postalCode;
    }

    public function getCity(): ?string
    {
        return (string) $this->city;
    }
    
    public function setCity(?string $city): void
    {
        $this->city = $city;
    }
}
```

> And a corresponding `Person` entity, where the above embeddable is used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then we have a corresponding `Person` entity, where the above embeddable is used:
```
